Hello?, let me know if you can hear me, Terry. Hey, I can hear you. Hey, good, good one. Very good. Hey, I'm glad we could meet. I wanted to I want to move into this pretty quick because I looked like it looks like you're calendar can get pretty busy. So I just want to use the time well. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But thank you for meeting. I was really looking forward to this because I think now it might be a good time to meet just real quick. Yeah, yeah. Sounds good. Mmmm. Well, do you want me to go into some bullet points real quick, and then, um. Sure. Okay, so there's really only one, two or three things. So, the biggest thing about VPT right now is that, so I looked at the architecture behind airwaves and True call or Trell, and it looks like True cell or True call is actually a third party software that is licensedant and our data. Yeah. It feeds into it. But then it looks like airwaves is mostly ours. Is that true? Airwave is. So, yeah, we've got Airwave SE. Yeah, which I think is the one you're talking about. Yeah. Yep. So that is that is our product developed internally by the NS team. Yeah. Okay. Well, then the first, that really the only thought that came into mind is that what I, I'm guessing, and you would know better than me, but it seems like the budget for airwaves was much bigger than VPT. The only reason why I say that is because the ingestion schedule that I looked looked at for the Cron jobs for airwaves is very robust. And I think that's the reason why the data's very accurate and doesn't have a lot of issues. I think VPT has some mapping issues, and the sub group owner and certain hardware things, and I think the budget was smaller with VPT and it was really Jing that was keeping a lot of it together. Is that an accurate assessment? Yeah, yeah, I mean, I don't exactly know what the budget was, but I believe that it I think it was it was definitely Jing working more or less, you know, by himself. Obviously, you were pulled in at some point. Before Jing, you know, it was developed in house with Nelson Deal and I think a couple of others may have worked on it. I don't know that. So one of the distinctions is this was a tool that was sort of developed within that group, right? then building that your team, much like many of the regions kind of developed their own little tools to meet their needs for reporting or whatever. And they may be pulling data from the bigger NS supported tools like XLTT, you know, most everything pulls their data from XLPT and,ape, or form, and or RTT. The distinction with those tools is those are big national directional tools that are managed under the network systems group, NS, which is part of IT. And so, and that's where my team fits on those, you know, where the product owners, for those, the RAN tools, ASSP RAN tools, under the NS model and that's one of the distinctions. Why, I think in talking to, I think it was Sean, that might have mentioned it, somebody had mentioned it that it, you know, years past, or maybe it was Nelson, I think years past, they had tried getting VPT to get more support from like NS like putting it it on a server architecture, not just a, you know, a local server and getting more funding and expanding it. And for whatever reason, it just it didn't it didn't take. And I'm not sure the history there, but yeah, it's definitely on a much smaller scale as far as the development. Now, it's a lot of bang for the buck because there's a lot of great functionality in that tool, given the scale of the resources available to develop it. But it is on a different level from that perspective. Okay.. Okay, so I guess that's fine. I mean, I'm sure, you know, people that were managing the budget upstairs for allocating funds either either towards airwaves or VPT. I think the writing on the wall, which is airwaves seems like a very centralized, robust data source that you could add like two to four features from VPT into it and Airwave would have superior data integrity and availability. That's my initial thought on that. So it's kept the opportunity to. I mean, we see our challenges both with XLPT, which That's true. Caesar said than done.. there's some, I mean, one of the big p that we have right now with those tools is pushing for data integrity and reliability that, you know, we still struggle at times with the introduced back code, right, or code that wasn't fully valatted through UAT process. There's things that just break data loaders for whatever reason, stop working. I mean, there's all kinds of little issues that we continue to work through with Airwave SE, it's more front end, right? So it's got integrations into those tools. And there's still a lot of work that, I mean, we've got a whole list of features that we're trying to get rapidly developed on that just to try and support the goal of that, the initial goal of that tool, which was real-time monitoring and event reporting, like on the scale of a Super Bowl and things like that. But also, you know, we've got now the VPT features that we're trying to build in there. And that's the part. In fact, I was just talking to Derek and I was Roger Gerald. It might have been all of them. Gerald Fay, the ones that are working on SE, about the need to, you know, we've been very focused on Super Bowl and we're continue to be very focused on Super Bowl because we're really trying to get Super Bowl 60 in this tool for NorCA. And that really starts this summer as they do their dry runs with all the NFL games. But I also, we need to we need to get a call together and in fact, I was trying to schedule one this week to start really kind of more aggressively looking at what we need to do from VPT.C one of the challenges we have, like I saw were. Oh, gosh, who was it? Somebody had reached out. I'm at, I think up, in VNW that reached out about. SA. I think it was SA KPIs and Yeah, he wanted that in a weekly report. And I was like, I don't. Let's see how. So that's one of the challenges, right? That's one of the things we kind of said out of the gate was that, you know, I don't know that we can we can support ongoing development on VPT. I can't. I, and I don't think. Yeah, no, I would say this. It's So as of right now, I think actually a very, I think there's been a very successful handle of maintaining VPT in the last two months since Jing left. It's working. 95% of the things that people need it for, they're getting the information from. I don't know what the number is, but it's pretty high up time. I We know that the budget is it's not something where the budget's going away. The budget is already gone. because they decided to lay off and get rid of Jing. So that's the decision. There isn't. The money's gone. Right. There's nobody that can actually. So, yeah, I don't think there's a, I don't there's a financial. There's no argument. I think, or there's a very poor argument to add features to BPT. If you, because it's just me and, you know, I do have my own limitations as a person, I can only do so much. My thing is, I think I'd rather, my initial suggestion is let me maintain and help anyone at any time for BPT's current stability and purpose. But I actually am more interested in working more with your team and the Airwave SE guys that need to know what VPT features need to be added, because that's a strong skill set of mine is looking at a product and then deciding what are the top two or three features we need within this year? And then how do we build it? And, you know, that's what I like. So I just wanted to go with you and I wanted to meet with you and see if you like that thinking because the thing is going to have to go away next year, I believe, right Anyways, and you guys need all the help you can because you really will want someone like me who worked with Jing because the information's in my mind, and I can easily coordinate with your team and just kind of give them a heads up, yeah, this is what Gene struggled with. This is what he was trying to work on. These are the two or three priorities that he'll get in the average month for what people in rise and need the most. I want to probably over the summer move into helping your team a little more, define those needs. Yeah. Ear on. No, and I think we would welcome the insight. So I have a call. I did have a call scheduled with the SE development team on when? I just added it. Where was it, Thursday? Thursday? Yeah. Thursday. So I just added you to that. I wanted to, yeah, again, a lot of the focus right now is on Super Bowl, but I we need to. I had told them last week we need to be more aggressive on VPT because if we're realistically looking at end of year or Q1 to to end of life at, you know, we've got to be ready for that. And there's a lot of work. I mean, there's still a lot of work that needs to be done to get us there, not the least of which is, including some of these new KPIs. So like, I'll follow up with Sean just to make sure that he and I are on the same page because I at some point. Yeah, I do need Sean input on this, but I, you know, I don't.. I think that's it is a route or a road of the least resistance and the most probably the most likely benefit. Yeah. Well, I mean, at the end of the day, we just don't have the resources to keep, you know, VPT going. Well, they already decided to the decision was made. Not only did they make it, they executed on it and they stopped thinking about it a month ago. Yeah. They're thinking about.. I mean, they don't even care. Yeah, we need to plan on, you know, and I get where he's coming from. Khalib. Khalib is coming from with the need for essay and we're going to want. SA NSA Var. I mean, there's a lot of data metrics that we're looking to try and include in SEE. I just don't see that we have the resources to build in and VPT. But we focus on getting an SE and start getting people using it. It's just we've got to get some of that other VPT function. Like the ability to pull in Live Nation and the ability to import events and the ability to schedule reports more natively, I think, like what we do. Some's there. an FE, but. But yeah, that's where we need to dedicate the resources. And obviously we just need to keep VPT alive to keep, you know, issues like the thing that came up with Atlanta with the Mercedes-Benz, I don't know what.. Yeah, I know why that is isn't anything there. Yeah, so basically, it's there's nothing broken. So how it works is VPT autoetects sports events on the schedule throughout the year. Concerts, which there's been several concerts in that Atlanta Stadium are not auto- tracked. So if it's a concert.. Some live nation events are at other events. Like, what's the distinction? Because, like, I know Beyonce, I can't remember if Beyonce showed up there because I started manually creating them for Beyonce, because Alex was asking me about it. And then I saw they were in there for a number of movies. I think it included.. That's a good question. To be honest, because I really looked through the automated code in the last three, four days with the SA question, I can't see a line of code specifically for that. There might be something I'm missing. But, I mean, it's a big system. I mean, anyone, anyone that has access to BPT can add all these events, so there might have been someone else that did it. I don't know. I wonder if it keeps track of the author. I'd have to look. I guess I just don't like. Well, I know. Yeah, I'll go back and look, because I can't swear to it with Beyonce at Atlanta, but I know in other, I one I thought. I thought I added that one in an email a week before. Even I'm forgetting. Yeah, because I think it'll show. I forget there's like a Cadmin login and it'll show is the one that created the event versus the actual user. Oh, right, right. Okay. And I guess when it's a Lab Nation one. We'd have to. I don't remember. So, Yeah. Okay. So my next, I guess my only other thought is, so is there a regular meeting that the SE developers are in on a weekly or bi-monthly basis that I can hop in? So that way maybe I don't need to take up too much of your time. Maybe we maybe meet once a month or whatever works for you. But if I'm, I think if I just start sitting in those SE meetings, I can just start subconsciously processing things and just start listening. Yeah. So that so that's the call I invited you to. Oh, because I don't know why. Because I think it's a standing.. I don't know why I got left out of it. Well, no, I see airwave SE Dev call. Okay. Yeah, no, that's when I just set up last week. Okay. I just accepted yes. Because we believe him. Okay. Yeah, so, um.. I'll have to check if I. Yeah. That's. Did I add you on the hole? Let me see. Maybe I didn't add you on the reputing. Because, yeah, I've got it scheduled for... I see Thursday at 10. It's wrong the only person Yeah, there we go. Okay. So it's a weekly call. And it's relatively early just because I'm trying to keep the India guys Vin A and John and Gerald. Okay. to be able to chat with them because we have our qu team call for, which is really where the users and I can invite you to that too, but the users of the the SE, we meet every Thursday afternoon. Well, actually, I just moved it because there was complaints. It was too late in the day for, it may move again. I'll add you to it, but this is more of, we put a core team, so it's more of the power, the users who are more active users with Airwave SE, getting their feedback on what we needed to refine the tool., at features, all that. We've been trying to really. Oh, wait, that was the wrong one. Which one did I add you to? Yeah, I just had the quin cough. We've been trying really heavily to get the NCO team involved'cause they've got the next Super Bowl.. And then SoC count, because they have the Super Bowl after. Oh, that's cool. Okay. So, But it's also, we get a couple of the guys on the East Coast Richard and I'm drawn playing the guy up in New York that are also pretty active users. So a lot of it is, we're trying to get the new features, you know, incorporate quickly. We haven't talked a lot about VPT on that call, but the developer call is where we really want to focus on VPT.. Okay. So, okay, so those are a couple opportunities to get a little because I agree. We need to start really kind of picking your brain on getting the VPT stuff. moved over. Mm hmm. Yeah, and I think me being in the meetings and just listening and just staying on top of any email chains, I get thrown into or slack, I think that's more than enough for now for the next month or two. And then, I mean, that puts me in a good position to help you guys for the whole second half of this year. So, you know, I think we're moving early on that. I would say on time, actually, but.. Yeah, I mean, we need need to be moving pretty aggressively on EPT at this point. Especially given that there's, you know, requests for enhancements that we're just not going able to do. Yeah, and plus, if I'm working with airwaves, then, like, I'm already working on implementing these things that they want in the next product. So it's then we're not neglecting those needs. It's just, we're moving those needs into the product that the company is consolidating towards for this type of information. Yeah. So then we're ahead of the curve, so then we can reach out to people, hey, you know, please let us know what the issues are, please us know what features you want. We are on schedule to start releasing these in the airwave SE app in 26 Right now, we're just documenting these needs and trying to figure out how to implement it in the new tool that's being invested in or whatever, you know. Yeah. And then I'll just make sure VPT's running all the time, and it's it's useful for what people need it to be. And I don't think we have to worry then. I think we just keep focusing on staying on track, and I think we'll be okay. Yeah, no, I'm not too, too worried. I just I need to follow up on colleague's question and just, you know, make sure that it's clear that we're, we're really not developing new stuff in VPT. We're keeping it running, but we'll work on getting that nextPT into an SE and they need to. Yeah, I tried to keep encouraging to use it for their event management just so we're we can get more people using it and driving more enhancements to. I tried to be as helpful as I could in that last email, but I really just wanted to ask more specific questions just as a record to know what he needs, because I didn't want to say definitively, this is or will not be built, even though I. I don't think I can build it without risking other features in the system that other people need for the rest of the year, too, going into Christmas. So it's not worth risking that. Yeah, at least not with one person. Me. Right. You know. Anyways, that's all I have for thoughts. Good. Okay. No, that's good. I added you as call as we can sync up a little bit more as we go on the push for VPT. Good. Okay. I do see the invitations and this stuff I'll review this, and. This is all I was hoping to connect with in Syn Cup. Let me know if there's anything else, but I think we're okay. Yeah, yeah, no, I think I don't have anything else either. Good. Okay, well, thanks. Thanks, Terry. I'll be available if you need it. Okay. Okay, good. Thanks. This is it for me. Okay, thanks. I'll see ya. All right. Bye.
